IfcCableSegment Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T06:34:03.8145844Z (#153)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Sections/Domain specific data schemas/Schemas/IfcRailDomain/PropertySets/Pset_SymmetricPairCable/Documentation.md

> Properties in this property set are applicable to cable segment, indicated that the cable segment is a symmetric pair cable, which is is a copper cable with a variable number of copper twisted symmetric pair conductors used to transmit data by means of electrical signals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties applicable to a symmetric pair cable, which is is a copper cable with a variable number of copper twisted symmetric pair conductors used to transmit data by means of electrical signals. this property set is applicable to type or occurence of _IfcCableSegment_ with predefined type CABLESEGMENT
```
